Why not?
Kou can go to me
Who are you Ye Linghan
What are you doing?
Ye Linghan, this is a major diplomatic event between the two countries
Can't let you participate in it
Get out of here
Xie Yunhan is related to the whole summer
You are not allowed to live
He's not crazy.
I really want to take off this gauntlet
Show the majesty of his young wife
This challenge book
I took it.
Why are you not a waste to make decisions for our Chen family?
You are a country woman
ignorance
As for Yan Wu's matter, we have to discuss it again
Chen Nan prepares the best hotel and the best service for Mr. Sato
Let him enjoy the passionate way of nitrogen customers of our Daxia nation
Since Mr. Chen is so enthusiastic
As for the matter of drinking salt martial arts lightly, there is no need to say
You can even cancel it directly.
In the future, Mr. Sato will be the guest of our Chen family
Oh, dear.
The challenge book accidentally fell to the ground
Mr. Chen, please attack deeply by yourself
Pick it up
Say three times
I don't dare to fight when I get married
The river is lost and mighty
The matter of Dahe Yanwu
I never ask
What are you still doing?
Mr. Chen hasn't picked it up yet
You also admit that you dare not print the courage of Dahe Yama to challenge
Hahahahaha
How dare you insult my father
court death
I will skin you and cramp you today
General Yang returns
Dear, calm down.
Before the war between the two countries comes
If you kill them
If you are happy, what about the consequences?
Neither of us can afford bullshit
People have the support of the first generation in Daxia
But no true warrior
Hirano
The First Sick Man Family in East Asia
Hahahahaha
Have you laughed enough?